i woke up in the mud
with all those cuts and bruises on me
[Music]
hello emma i'm dr green how are you
feeling today
[Music]
it's gonna be okay everything looks just
fine
in fact baby's growing very quickly
oh my god i guess she knows who you are
i don't know i just worry if my hair
and the nosebleeds i keep losing weight
and having these horrible nightmares
let's see what's going on
something isn't right i can feel it
no easy it's just me
girls like me girls like you that's who
they go for
there are others
you're in the best of hands i don't
believe you
you sound like a crazy person i saw
something
there's no conspiracies
what is inside of me
[Music]
[Applause]
bye